>> Will Sentance: Let's
talk about the benefits and
not to benefits of this approach.
So, problems 99% of developers have
no idea how this work under the hood,
which makes debugging
just this mystery thing.
And on top of that,
I think yeah, I said that now,
on top of that I felt going to interviews.
The upside of this style is it
creates something that sort of means
if you don't understand how it's working,
you can roughly make it kind of work.
I will say about the old style where
you literally pass a function in,
if you understand how it's working.
You're kinda done, this style,
because of this appearance,
the then method you kind of think you know
what it's doing and it kind of work but
really, I hate this name, then.
It's doing nothing, if I'm reading this
code as a developer I'm like, okay, so
fetching and then I'm gonna display.
But of course, it's not even close,
maybe we even think that kind of if we go
back up the thread and do that line and
then bit later, No, no, no,
then should be renamed what?
I think it should be renamed this, store
function to Run later, yeah, exactly.
Future dated dot, store me to Run me later
automatically when the background task
that came out of the fetch
call previously completes and
the value probably gets updated.
Not catchy, but it is accurate, mm-hm,
so I will add one more benefit though.
So people think kind of cleaner,
readable style,
I will say, like pseudo synchronous,
it sort of looks like you are running
it right then but you really are not.
You are passing in a function that
is going to be also run as before,
not by you, but by JavaScript.
And it's taking an input that you did not
put in there, JavaScript put in that.
That from the background work that
high string that's gonna be auto
inserted into display function
when it's AutoRun, I love it.
By the way,
once you see that JavaScript was
one sees that JavaScript is taking
that function code of display, and
it's running it for you by putting
Print on it for you automatically.
And it's inserting the input for
you automatically It's a very
generous language in that sense.
There is one big benefit of this design,
and
it's that era handling process,
so, this is really nice.
It turns out people,
there's actually another
array on this promise object behind
the scenes, another hidden property.
And it's called onRjection, and it's also
an array into which we can put functions.
When you're interacting with
the outside world especially
network stuff you get errors all the time.
You don't wanna run your display functions
so the user on Twitter gets a lovely
broadcast of the full
details of the error.
Ideally wanna have a separate
function that's going to run
that handles that error.
Maybe it logs it for you in some way, but
probably just gives the user
a better experience.
It's doing something similar,
maybe, whatever it might be,
now, how can we handle that?
Well, you know what?
The promise object give
us this amazing feature,
that means if we get an error back not the
actual response object we want any error,
it's not gonna Run that display function.
It's not even gonna auto trigger any
of your functions in unfulfilled,
it's gonna trigger any functions
that you stored in onRejection,
how do we get functions in there?
Well, there's two ways,
one would be to write future,
>> Will Sentance: Data dot, anyone know?
Dot catch spot on exactly,
Cate is right, dot catch, and
any function we pass in there,
it's going on rejection, right?
The other way is to pause to
then as the second argument,
whatever function you want that's going
to go in here to AutoRun on error,
first argument,
stick that function in unfulfilled.
Then we'll take the second argument,
the second input and
stay that function that you rejected?
That's really nice, that's a really,
really nice error handling
approach without a doubt.
Alright folks, so there we have it,
we now have rules for
the execution of our asynchronously delay
code hold promise deferred functions.
This is what Dan was saying
promise deferred functions,
ones that were attached to
a promise to delay them running
until something happened
in the background.
Store them in the microtask queue and
callback functions,
ones that were passed in to one of these
facade functions like timer, sorry,
set timeout,
have them go in the callback queue.
When the web browser feature
otherwise there is API finishes,
add that function to the coolstack.
In other words,
Run it when coolstack is empty and
all global code is finished running, have
the event newcheck this condition for us.
Before we learn the code
is I would Run next,
prioritize functions in the microtask
queue over the callback queue.
Promises web browser features,
the callback and microtask queues and
the event loop enable us to
build non blocking applications.
We do not have to wait in this
single JavaScript thread,
we do not have to wait here for
our data to come back.
No waiting on this line, fetch will
not sit on this line, waiting for
the data to come back, no, no, no, no.
I mean no in regular code we do,
your function cool you are staying
on that line till you finish it.
But it is not a regular function call,
it is a facade function for
setting up background work.
However long it takes we can't predict
when our browser's features work
will finish in the background.
We can't know exactly when it's gonna
finish, so we can't kind of have the line
of code that's gonna use that
background data Run right now.
We got to tell it when to run,
we got to rely on JavaScript that
knows when the background work is done
to automatically trigger,
the function to Run on that moment.
This is what allows us, people,
to build these non-blocking,
dynamic, fast applications.
We can handle setting up a ton
of stuff in the background
while we race on in
the foreground running our code,
being responsive to users' interactions,
building these dynamic applications.
This is what really makes JavaScript very,
very special and very usable.